TALE THE CYCLOPSES

Once upon a time there lived a man outside the great city of Valen.
He was a heremit and lived in a cave in the outskirts. The outskirts
is the area west of Valen. He never showed his face in the public.
He were always home in his cave and only some travellers and was able
to see him a few times. 

One day a wizard named Merhodin was travelling the countryside of
the wood elf land and he happened to stumble upon the area called
the Outskirts. When he travelled trough he travelled along the sea
as he always did because the sea granted him refugee for vicious
monsters. After he had left the quiet village of Wood Hill and headed
towards Valen he entered the outskirts. He walked along the sea side
and suddenly he spotted cave. He had never heard of this cave since
he was new to these lands. It began to rain and he thought that he
would stay in the cave until the weather had cleared. He went down
the hill and went in the cave opening. He sat down at a log and he
noticed that this place was inhabited. Then out of the darkness of
the cave came a man. Dressed in a wolf pelt and painting in his face.
The man came toward him in a great speed and jumped at him. Merhodin
started fighting back but soon ran towards the exit of the cave. The
heremt stopped and they looked at eachother and time stood still.

"Begone !", the heremit said. Merhodin became more loose and replied;
"Im only seeking shelter from the rain my good man !". "Begone !", the
heremit said again. The heremit was so dirty that his skin had grown
green. There he was looking like an orc. Merhodin again asked if he
could stay over til the weather had cleared so he could continue his
journey towards Valen. The heremit became angry and raised his hand
toward Merhodin and Merhodin took a step back. "Thy manners are the
same as a monster !", Merhodin said angryily. "Begone !", the heremit
yelled louder. "I shall put a spell on you because of your foolish
behaviour !", Merhodin said hot tempered as he was. 

Merhodin raised his hands and lightning came down from the sky hitting
his hands and ran towards his body. The ligthing became green and hit
the Heremit. "Thy shall walk these lands forever as the beat thy art!",
Merhodin said as the green sparkle stood high above them so they must
surely have been seen all the way to Valen. "Thy shall be greener
than thy art now ! Thy shall wear the same wolf pelt as thee do now !
Thy shall grow big as a tower ! Thy shall not be able to speak and
the people of this world will kill you on sight ! But you will be 
strong enough to fight back and people will fear you !", Merhodin said
laying the curse on the heremit. Merhodin then summoned a creature
that looked just like the Heremit and it was a female. "You two shall
ahve many children ! But your race will never leave the outskirts !",
Merhodin said with a wild look on his face. "From this day forward
your race shall be known as the Cyclops !" and by those words Merhodin
finished the work on his creature and put only one eye on his forehead.
"That is because thy were so blind !", Merhodin said leaving the
outskirts and heading towards Valen...

We belive, yes i know, that this is the origin of the Cyclops. And
by time they have even developed into another race. The Aqua Cyclopses
which are to be found on a island between our two great continents.
Beware the strenght of these ceatures, some even say that the Heremit
is still alive and is the chief of all the cyclopses of the outskirts.

-By Vladir Valenwood