
Emperors Of Menath


Trough out the history, mankind has been in need of leaders. A leader which people have faith and belif in. Someone they can seek for advice and one to take all the blame for
things that they need someone to blame for. A respected soul. A brave soul. A wise soul.
Trough out the history of Menath there has been many emperors on the throne. However,
it has always been a soul of the human race since they are the prime race in Menath.
The first one which was created by the God Of Creation was a wise one indeed called
Emperor Fennick Getach and he ruled from year 430 in the first era to year 700 in the first era. He was old when he died but still  young in his mind. He showed Menath the road to peace and harmony. After him was the Emperor called Seth Getach. He was the son of the last emperor since emperorship always runs in the family. He was also a wise ruler but a
greedy one too. The people wasn`t that happy with him. He ruled from year 701 to year 12
in the second era. After him followed his son called Evec Getach and he was a brave yet
selfish ruler. His sovereign lasted from year 12 of the second era to year 342 of the second
era. He died in the field of battle under the sword of a great dark elven lord called Kentick Keex. This was during the war between the wood elves and dark elves. After this emperor came his son which was called Bern Getach and he was the one founding Bern Village
on the western side of Meanth. He was a wise and brave one which was loved by the people
and hated by his enemies. His sovereign lasted from 343 of the second era to year 589 of
the second era and after him came his son called Braveheart Getach. Braveheart was not
his real name though, he was called Braveheart because he was the bravest and most wise emperor until now. He was the most loved emperor in Menath that had lived. His sovereign
was from year 590 in the second era to year 975 in the second era. He also died on the field
of battle, but he dies while saving a peasant from the claws of the dragon. A noble deed.
	Then at year 975 of the second era came the emperor we have today to the throne.
He has chosen not to say his last name. Non know why but most think he has the Getach name as the rest
of the family. Now, at the start of the third era, he is 25 years old he is still a young one.
However, he is as wise as his father and as brave has him too. He put it all on stake to maintain order and peace in Menath, and fight bravely when needed to.
 
 