Defiance

	During the dawn of the first era, when creatures began their trek on the earth for the first time, one being dared not venture out from the depths of the sea.  Instead, he became an isolated soul, hidden away from all contact with the ongoing world. Through time, he learned the secrets of nature and began a quest to defy all creatures of the land. He created "Daemar's Defiance". With a strong motive and a power no one could imagine… He surfaced long enough to unleash the mystic powers of the staff. This staff created darkness. 

	Throughout the lands, plants died and so on up the food chain... till only Daemar was left on his own. He saw his mistake... he wanted to bring life back to the sea, not destroy it. Sensing that this ultimate weapon could not fall into the hands of the inexperienced… he hid it far beneath the sea, where the water begins to boil due to the molten rock below.  Here he inserted the staff in its molten prison and swam away... forgetting it ever existed.

	Many years after the Era began, life reappeared once again.  Slowly the plants replenished themselves in the warm sun.  Fish began swimming the icy blue waters.  Birds took to the topless skies.  Man walked the Earth once again.  The First Era was at its peak.  Menath was born, however most the Humans, Elves, and Haaki stayed near their homeland, fearing to venture beyond, into the unknown lands of darkness.

	Finally, a morbid traveler, seeking shelter from the pouring rain, wandered into the lost caves of Ayres.  He found drawings along the walls, unknown dialect beneath each sketch.  He gazed upon this creation of art, and his heart pumped as his eyes came down upon a strangely familiar name, "Daemar" it said.  Other caves that were discovered before this one, he recalled, also had the same inscription.  Was this Daemar some sort of religion?  Power?  Weapon?  Armor?  Disease?  He became curious but cautious and ran to the nearest town to find an expert historian.
The traveler searched high and low, but none of the so-called experts could translate any of the dialect.  It was one nobody had ever seen before.  This convinced him that he needed foreign help.  Hesitantly, he crossed into The Great Forests…

	Surrounded by darkness, the weary traveler bore his way through the thick trees, bushes, and creatures that blocked his way.  Time went by… almost too much.  It seemed he'd been travelling for a year, but finally, the forest gave way to a short grassed meadow.  It was a godsend for him and he ran to the middle of the clearing and shouted for joy.
	He suddenly stopped.  Feeling as though he was being watched, he turned around… nothing.  He caught a movement from the corner of his eye.  Turning quickly he caught a glance of a sleek creature just fading into the bushes.  "Wow," he thought to himself, "these guys are FAST!"  He drew his war axe, and in an instant there were over thirty slim but sturdy looking fellows with interesting looking ears standing around him.  He saw one of the figures wave his arms and chant something…
Everything went black.
	A woman's voice sung gracefully.  Gentle whispers around him grew louder in each passing moment.  Sounds of a village surrounded him… The traveler jolted up to his feet, and before his eyes opened, twelve cold blades were against him.  Slowly the traveler put up his hands and spoke.  "I come in peace."  He knew that was a stupid thing to say, but it was all that came to mind.
	The figures chattered, then laughed.  Was it a good sign?  They picked him up (surprisingly strong for small fellows), and brought him out into the village square.  He finally got a good look at his captors.  Elves!  He found the ancient creatures of the land.  "Take me to your leader!" he cried, but to no avail.  The entire village stood around him.  Silence took hold and the air became like ice as breathing became much more difficult.  

	You are a human.  Why do you come here? 

	Those words jumped to his brain… How did they know how to speak his language?  He was sure no elves ever made themselves public in the Highlands, and he was also quite sure no human had learned the Elvish language.  
Sensing their increased curiosity, he spoke of his journeys and the findings of an ancient script speaking of the unknown "Daemar" that may have ended the world some 9328 years ago.  He explained to them how he wanted to uncover the truth and shed some light on what happened more than 3 centuries ago.

	The elves listened intently, pausing him only for a quick break for lunch.  They seemed as much interested in the tale as he was.  As his story reached conclusion, the elders gathered around each other, seeming to discuss rather to trust him or not.  They dispersed and the chief elder approached the traveler.

	He led the traveler to a maze of caverns.  Along the ways, the traveler noticed many inscriptions and highly detailed sketches.  The journey ended abruptly as the cave ended in a large chamber.  Bones were scattered all around, many seemed crushed.  Then something on the wall caught his eye… it was a sketch of a magnificent object.  He couldn't take his eyes off it.  On a drawing next to it… there was a figure holding the object, and a sort of chaos surrounding him.  Two words were inscribed below.

	Daemar's Defiance.

	He was ever more determined to find it.  He ventured off in search of an ancient book the elves had mentioned.  This one was named "Struggle."




