
     Kain Benwick The Necromancer

Kain was once a simple wizard, compared to the wizards of the time he 
was
extremely powerful, but simple. He was an albino, with deep blue eyes. 
Being a half-elf, he was mocked and hurt his whole life. He was not a good 
person, not at all. He wore a pitch dark black robe. He went from city to 
city, battling monsters, stealing and destroying, all to grow stronger, to 
amassing his wealth and power. He had no real goal in sight, only the 
mindless growing, like a cancer cell. One thing though, he was very greedy. 
He hated the fact that whenever he would cast a spell, mana would be drained 
from his body. Some spells even took years from his life. 
One day, after he read an ancient tome, from the great wizards of the 
past. In the tome, it described a way to put a persons soul into an amulet, 
and draw from that person power, rather than his own. Unfortunately, the 
spell to draw the persons soul into the amulet was destroyed long ago, on 
purpose and for good reason. This is how Kain was to become more powerful 
than even the emperor, and then take his place on the throne.
Kain found his way to the city of AngelMoor. There, with his awesome 
power,
erected a huge dark castle on top of a large hill just outside of town. Kain 
also put
patches of sharp thorns all around the hill, so no prying villagers would 
come until he was ready. Many villagers tried to get through the thorns, 
killing some, severely wounding all. After a while, the villagers blamed all 
of their crop shortages, deaths of animals on the castle.
For several years Kain sat in his castle, studying and testing. His 
spell, after many hard years of work, was complete. Kain took the life 
energy, the soul of his test rat, and he put it into an amulet he was wearing 
around his neck. He could feel the energy of the rat crackling. The rat was 
not enough though, several rats were not enough. It was his time to come out 
of hiding.
Kain cast a spell on himself to make him look like a regular 
villager, the average
human. He then cut a path through the thorns, a small path from the village 
up to his
castle. Then, he went down into the village. Kain then killed many farm 
animals, half of each farmers cattle. The villagers were very upset, they 
figured it might be the evil wizard in the dark castle, but none knew. They 
held a town meeting. Kain got up in front of the crowd and told them that 
the evil wizard did it, and that there is now a path to his castle through 
the thorns. They all fell for his trap. Kain left the building and hurried 
up to his castle, waiting for the slaughter.
First, a group of ten men with pitchforks went up to the castle to 
challenge the
wizard. They easily fell, all of their souls going into Kain’s amulet. Kain 
could feel the new power being put into him. The village was distraught, 
every group that went up to the castle died. All that was left of them was 
charred bones, outside the castle door. They called for some sort of hero.
One day, a tall, lanky boy named Julian, who couldn’t have been older 
than
seventeen, came into town. He left home and was trying to be an adventurer, 
he wasn’t very experienced though. The village wives were sick of their 
husbands getting killed, they needed someone from the outside to try, so they 
called upon this young man. They promised him great riches if he were to 
kill this evil wizard. They gave him an old sword. He fell for their trap, 
and went up the pathway towards the castle, to challenge the wizard. 
Kain looked out the window in disgust. He thought how could a small 
boy like
this kill me, a great necromancer! Kain then threw a small fireball down at 
the boy, then left the window. Julian from the ground looked up at the 
castle just as the wizard off-handedly threw a fireball down at him. 
Freezing in fear, Julian could not move. Finally at the last second, he took 
one small step, tripping on a rock just as the fireball flew by his head. 
Julian sat there for a time, catching his breath. He finally got up 
and walked to the door of the castle. It was not locked, it never needed to 
be before, so Julian walked right in. The place was dark, and very dismal. 
Julian searched around and found many evil and ugly things. Dark tapestries 
of slaughters, models of skeletons, old tomes that sparked to the touch. 
Finally he made his way, still unnoticed, to the very top tower. 
Julian got to a door. This door was hot to the touch, but didn’t 
burn him. He
could feel the magical energy all around, coming from the room beyond. He 
pulled out his sword, opened the door and walked in on Kain. Kain laughed 
out loud as the boy came in. “Seems I underestimated you boy! You see, you 
fell into the trap. Your soul will be put into my amulet, then my power will 
be complete. You see, my dear boy, I have created a spell to put your life 
energy into my amulet, so I can drain your power in spellcasting rather than 
mine. Quite ingenious actually,” Kain said, raising his white arm in 
preperation for a spell “My name is Kain, the great necromancer, and I am the 
last thing you will ever see!” Julian ran towards Kain, sword out in front 
of him. Julian, being the clumbsy adventurer that he was, tripped on the rug 
in mid-attack. He went down, and his sword went flying, straight past Kain 
to a couple of vials on the bookshelf. “NO!!” Kain screamed as he saw the 
sword flying. The sword hit the vials and they exploded, sending Kain across 
the room. Julian got up and ran out of the room, ran down the stairs and out 
of the castle while the tower blazed on.
The fire in there was too large. Kain couldn’t put it out with his 
magic, which was
already taxed from keeping up his fire shield. Kain screamed as all of his 
books and
devices burnt up. All of his research through the years, all of the books 
and spells he transcribed burnt up. From the loss of his magical power, Kain 
couldn’t keep the souls in his amulet any longer, they all escaped into the 
air. Taking the last remnants of his magical energy, he transported himself 
out of the tower, and on to the ground. 
There were festivals and dances the whole week after the dark castle 
fell. Julian
was treated as a hero for weeks to come. Everyone danced on the hill as the 
thorns, and the castle both disappeared. For a long time, there was only 
peace and prosperity in Angelmoor. Julian told everyone of the story, and 
the words that Kain said, but also said that he didn’t know where Kain was. 
Julian went on to become a great adventurer in time, for this was only a 
small step in his travels.
Kain, on the other hand, has hidden himself away. In a dark castle on the
Elven Island. None has ever gone into the caste and come out again alive.
He has caused much hysteria around Menath and its told that all necromancers 
is his legions. His revenge on man and elvenkind. It is said that he is once more
trying to find a plan to overcome the emperor and achive full power in Menath.
When the time comes, it won`t be good...

