The legend of Dealdin’s Cats


	He slowly and patiently crept through the under brush. He might be up-wind from the mighty meir-cat. That didn’t mean the beast wouldn’t hear him with it’s impressive hearing. He had been tracking this particular cat for 3 hours now, waiting for the opportunity to close to decent quarrel range. Though nothing could be heard more then 2 feet from him, he could hear his heart pounding in his ears. Every small shuffle step he took sounded like a bear rumbling through the forest. Though it was actually only a whisper that could be heard perhaps three feet away. Known as the best hunter throughout The Great Forests, Dealdin had a range with his long bow that most archers only dreamed of. Added to his impressive hunting and tracking skills, few in Menath could be considered his equal. As he closed yet a few more feet, Dealdin knew that he would finally have the great cat this time. The size of a bear with lightning fast reflexes and unsurpassed senses, meir-cats were not only difficult to hunt, but deadly as well. More then one hunter had lost their life to a broken twig or shifting wind before even getting into quarrel range.
	Dealdin slowly removed a quarrel from his quiver and silently notched it to his oaken long bow. Made of normal materials, the bow still seemed quite strange, what with the curved ends and strange carvings. Dealdin had spent nine months creating it. Incorporating all that he had learned of archery in 25 years, it was capable of delivering a quarrel twice the distance of any bow known in the lands. Yet it had no magical influence upon it whatsoever.  Dealdin did not detest magic, but he knew that some creatures could detect magic, almost as if it had a scent to it. He had scars down his back that proved that theory.
	The cat raised its head from its kill. It sniffed inquisitively at the air. Unable to detect anything, the cat returned to it’s feast. Slowly releasing his held breath, Dealdin silently closed yet another five feet. He smiled as he felt the wind at his face, knowing that the cat would never realize that he was there. He slowly drew his bow, unconsciously gauging the distance and wind. Taking one shallow breath, he again quickly checked his alignment. As he evenly released his breath the sharp twang of the bowstring could be heard, telling him he had released a straight and true arrow.
	The cat instantly spotted Dealdin when it heard the quarrel released. Deciding to flee rather then charge may have been the only thing that saved it from instant death. Rather then being struck just below the throat, which leads straight to the heart, the arrow pierced the side of its rib cage. Dealdin shouldered his bow and drew his hunting knife, knowing that he would now have to track the cat for a while longer. Though the arrow had not killed the cat, it would cause great loss of blood and the cat would eventually have to stop for being too weak. Dealdin smiled grimly, that’s when the fun would begin.
	Following the feint trail of blood, Daeldin tracked the cat for another two hours. He lost the trail twice when the cat took to the trees. He had been expecting that though, and had no problem finding the signs of the cats passage in the lower branches. Eventually the trail led to a crevice of rocks midway up a short hill. Dealdin grew wary. Though these cats would often hunt solo, they still socialized with a small pack of 3 or 4 other cats. With the wind at his back, he knew he was at a great disadvantage. He decided to circle the base of the hill to get the wind at his face. If there were other cats, he would not make it to the crest of the hill without being challenged and probably mangled.
	After circling the hill, he paused for 5 minutes, testing the wind with all his senses. He couldn’t detect even the injured cat. The winds are shifting at the top of the hill he mused. Still, not one solo hunter had ever brought home the skin of one of these beasts. Even large hunting parties had been lucky to bring one in, usually losing 2 or 3 hunters in the process. It would be worth the risk.
	Slowly he mounted the hill. If he could gain the crest without the wind shifting he would be able to peer into the crevice without being seen. With only ten feet left to the crest he picked up the scent of the cat. He knew it was the injured one due to the smell of blood mixed with its scent. He remained cautious even if he did not smell any others. It was only a momentary breeze that allowed him to smell the scent. Other cats could still be there.
	He gained the crest and very slowly raised his head over the top to view the crevice.  He could see the cat resting under a low ledge, licking it’s wound to try and staunch the flow of blood. Dealdin slowly scanned the surrounding area. He didn’t sense anything though he had a strange feeling that something was amiss. He silently sheathed his knife and readied his long bow. If he shot the cat from here, perhaps it would flush the others. He scanned the area once again as he notched an arrow. Releasing his arrow straight and true, he watched his surroundings as the cat gave one final squall before dying. Nothing moved. Not even the wind stirred in this moment. Dealdin quickly lowered himself into the crevice and squatted by the dead cat. Still nothing stirred. Shrugging, Dealdin quickly shouldered his bow. He drew his knife and set about the task of skinning the cat. Ten minutes later the cat was properly skinned along with it’s meat and other parts stored into various pouches.  Dealdin had the greatest respect for all creatures, even when hunting them. Never would he hunt for a skin alone.
	As he finished stowing everything and shouldering his pack, he heard a slight sound towards the back of the crevice. Drawing his knife, he prepared for the worst. When nothing came but a low mewing from a low cave, he decided to investigate. Hearing the mewing again, he looked closer to discover a very small kitten. Great sorrow filled his heart as he realized he had just killed this little creature’s mother. Not knowing what else to do, he grabbed the kitten by the nape of the neck and took it along.
	Through the years Dealdin cared for the kitten, like his own son. The bond of friendship between the two was so strong that often people would call Dealdin a mage and the cat his familiar. Even today, you will never find one without the other. Or fight one, without fighting the other.
	And that my friend is how Dealdin’s Cats came to be.