The Sword of Fire


	Kron had just finished closing the shop up and dousing the candle for bed when he heard a loud explosion near by. He quickly went through the front door, assuming that Murdon had blown his lab up again. Kron shook his head thinking, ”you would think that wannabe alchemist would learn.
	As he reached the road, he realized the sound had come not from Murden’s lab, but from the direction of the fields behind his home. Knowing what losing this years crops would do to the village, he ran straight to the well and quickly drew up a couple of buckets before running on to the source of the explosion. As he got closer, he noticed a very strange thing. Right in the middle of the field was a gigantic hole, perhaps thirty feet across.
	“What in Mithril’s name”, exclaimed Kron as he slowed to a more cautious pace.
	He could hear the other townspeople coming behind him, so he went closer to see just what had caused this. As he approached the hole, he began to sweat, for the heat was near unbearable, even for a blacksmith who’d spent all his years by the fires of the forge. As he crept closer to the edge of the hole he noticed a huge rock resting at the bottom. Only this rock had a bright red glow to it. It was obvious that this was where the heat was coming from, for standing at the edge near blistered Kron’s skin.
	“I wonder just what this is?” Kron mused as the townspeople started to gather behind him.
	“Now why are you calling the fires of heaven upon my wheat field Kron?” exclaimed Joneth, “you shall pay for the damages I tell you!”
	Kron looked at Joneth with an amused smirk, ”you’re vegetables aren’t worth having a trial about. I shall cover your expenses for this small section, even though this was not of my doing.”
	Kron turned to study the rock once more. With all the steam and heat waves, it was barely visible. “The weapons and armor I could fashion if my forge had this heat”, thought Kron.
	The townspeople gawked at the rock with awe. Then turned to Kron, waiting to see what would be done about it.
	“Well folks,” announced Kron “With this much heat, there is nothing that we can do now except post a couple of watchmen to make sure the fields don’t catch fire.”
	With that people took a few last lingering looks before returning to their slumber. Two watchmen fetched a few pails of water before setting their post.
	When Kron returned to his bed, he found he could not sleep. He kept thinking of the great heat emitted by the rock and how he could use it to forge a great sword. He didn’t succumb to the hands of dreamland till just before dawn.
	A loud rapping upon his door awakened Kron. “Open up!’, a loud voice bellowed, “I have come for my settlement!”
	Kron groaned as he pulled on some trousers and grabbed his smith’s apron. “Just a moment”, yelled Kron as he stumbled to the front door. “Are you that behind in your taxes that you must pound my door down at the dawn of the next day Joneth?” Kron grimaced as he let Joneth in.
	“That thing near destroyed most of my prize melons”, Joneth said as he took a seat. “I will be hard pressed to make up for that loss without your help friend blacksmith.”
	“I understand,” replied Kron. “Would free shoes and plow repair through the end of the season be compensation enough?” Kron knew that was actually more then Joneth could get for his melons at the market, but he could stand the loss of that income.
	Joneth thought for a moment before replying, “I think that would do just fine my friend.”
	“Good”, replied Joneth. “Now let me eat my breakfast before I die from starvation.”
	“Fare thee well then Kron”, said Joneth as he left.
	“Good day Joneth”, replied Kron.
	While eating his breakfast, Kron once more thought of the rock of fire. He was sure he could use it as a forge, if he could set up an anvil and temporary shop close by. He wondered if he had an alloy capable of withstanding the heat enough to be forged. “We shall see”, murmured Kron and headed for his storeroom.




	After finding what looked like some good stock, he proceeded to set things up as he had envisioned them. The heat from the rock was still incredible, but with Smithy leathers he could withstand it for short periods of time.  After some trial and error, he was able to get some stock to soften without melting to the point of being unusable. He then proceeded to start forming the image of the sword that he saw in his mind.
	Townspeople would come by now and again, shaking their heads at the smith and his strange new forge. “What is he making?” one would whisper to the other. “Looks to be a sword of some kind”, is the reply that would come back.
	Working non-stop for the next two days, the smith only rested long enough to recover form the heat. When at last Kron began to rack his tools while the great sword cooled, the great rock had also cooled to the point that it was no hotter then his forge when fully stoked. But his work was done. He sighed as he gazed upon the finest weapon he had ever created. Made of iron that he had garnered from one of the best mines in the Dwarven kingdom, it still had a peculiar glint to it as it reflected the sun’s light. It almost seemed that there was an image of fire beneath the metal surface. Even the bronze hilt held fantastic swirling colors that made it seem more then just the bronze he had used to create it. He grabbed his etching tools to carve the inscription that came to his mind. “Daforly Ma Firmant”. “Sword of Fire” in the ancient tongue. As he began to etch, he noticed that his tool started getting quite warm to the touch.
	“This is strange”, he exclaimed as he peered at his tool. “Surely this should be cool enough to inscribe by now”. He touched the hilt with his finger to find that it was slightly warm to the touch, but not near warm enough to cause the heat in his tool. Shaking his head, he went back to work, just to find that his tool again began getting warm to the touch. He wasn’t sure what to think, but finished his work anyway. Wanting to let the blade finish cooling yet a bit more before edging it, he proceeded to move all his tools back to his shop. Once finished, he picked the sword up by the hilt, examining closely the balance and weight in his hand. He was quite satisfied that he could put a fine edge on it without disrupting its balance.
	Returning to his shop, he set upon the blade with his grinder. Sparks flew as always, but he noticed that his grinding wheel was being ground rather then the edge of the sword. Perplexed, he looked closely at the sword and noticed that the wheel had not had any effect upon the blade at all. So he tried using a regular whetstone by hand to no avail. This metal was stronger then anything he had ever seen in his life. “I must find out where those Dwarves got this”, he exclaimed to himself.
	He considered his problem as he ate his midday meal. Suddenly he realized that the rock itself must be the reason. Somehow it must have mixed with that of the iron, creating a much stronger alloy then anyone has ever seen. When he finished eating, he went back out to the rock to examine it closer. That when he noticed the same strange patterns of light in the rock that were in the metal of the sword. Grabbing a chisel and hammer, he tried breaking off some of the rock, only to break his chisel instead. Thinking quickly, he tried using the rock itself as a whetstone. As he drew the giant blade across the rock, great waves of heat were released, almost burning Kron in the process. But after a few strokes he noticed that the sword indeed was gaining a fine edge. After a couple of hours working with the sword he decided to test the edge with a piece of parchment. As the parchment drew down the blade, it not only cut but also seemed to part as a knife through hot butter does. Quite pleased with the edge, Kron wan        ted to see how the blade retained its edge. Taking a swing at a sapling near by, he noticed that not only was the balance good. Its weight was no more then that of a short sword, even though three and a half feet longer. As the edge bit into the sapling, the young tree burst into flames. Amazed, Kron peered at the blade in puzzlement. There was no mark upon the sword, yet Kron noticed a bright red glow that faded away almost instantly after the swing. Wanting to test it more, but not start more fires, Kron decided to take his next swing at some used plate mail that had. As soon as the sword touched the metal of the armor, it shone a bright red.  The armor parted as easy as the parchment, the sword cleanly slicing through it. When Kron inspected the armor, he noticed that it had not been broken, but melted! Full iron field plate, melted as if butter! And not a mark was to be seen upon the sword. 
	Over the next few years Kron would fight it many a battle with The Sword of Fire and not lose a single one. Although many rumors and legends continue to grow around the sword, no one knows exactly where it might be. It seemed to simply disappear after Kron died happily in his sleep one night. Some legends tell of an abandoned Dwarven stronghold deep I the mountains that might contain it as well as many other untold fortunes. One thing that is certain….he that finds this sword will be near undefeatable in battle.
