The Gods

The gods are a group of strange people they work in many strange ways and all are unique, they do not fight each other but respect each other, this book is to express more information about them.

God of peace and love -Hyliios

Hyliios is the goddess of everything that is good she brings peace wherever she goes and spreads love whatever she breaths on.
She is true and would bring peace to every race if it wasnt for the other gods but one god known as Griigo was her brother in a sense and they respected and helped each other when ever they could.
Many people pray to her when they are lonly and are seeking support and love or when they are seeking her to bless their wedding.


God of Wisdom and Logic -Griigo

This is Hyliios brother, he is wise beyond imagination, he spread life into the books of the world and fills people with logic and wisdom when in crisis.
He seeks ever more knowledge, and wishes to teach all of mankind to be as wise as he is and perhaps one day he hopes to become as knowledgeable as the God of Creation once was.
People pray to him for help when they have a problem, if they are being hunted, or have money problems people ask for his wise words.


God of Birth and Death -Veega

She is life itself she makes life she ends it at the will of her thoughts, she brings new born babies to people who thought they could never concieve and ends the life of those who suffer.
She is kind but can also be mean, she strives all to be free and equal with all creatures and mankind to be perfect in everyway, She hopes to be just like the God of Creation.
People pray to her for children if they cannot get one, or they pray for her to bless their children or carry on their departed family or friends to a higher plain of existance.


God of War and Evil -Bendarr

He is a necromancer who spreads and enhances the evil and blood lust inside of people, he creates the monsters he makes them stronger.
Anything of pure evil to him is like a son to him, he aspires to be like the God of Destruction and allthough created by the God of Creation he hates him and want to cause and spread war wereever he can.
Necromancers and other evil people pray to this god, and ask for strength in a coming battle or to ask for something to defeat his enemys.
Noone out of all the gods is evil and content on war as Bendarr is, but the other gods keep him at bay most of the time.


God of Commerce and Work -Zeendic

He is a proud god, he thrives on enterprises he lusts for work, and spread ideas and passions into people minds to spark them to work better.
He seeks only to make the people of Menath more commericial using unique and original ideas, competing against each other to make the most profit.
Not much else can be said about this god except people pray to him for ideas for a business or for merchandise or gold to get him started anything and everything to do with work.
